Ok, in ./contrib/client/main.go, and ./contrib/client-generator/main.go we have a SRT client that can publish a stream.  I'd like to make a new client-udp that will open a UDP socket and listen for UDP packets.  The objective will be to create this client-udp as a demontration for how to listen for UDP packets and publish as SRT.  It will then write those packets to the SRT send side, so they get encapsulated into SRT and are published as a stream to the servers.  Essentially, this is very similar to the client-generator, which is writing rate limited buffers to the SRT stream.  Instead, we will be reading from a UDP socket instead.  The client-udp will essentailly need to get a buffer from the gosrt library to use for receiving the UDP packets.  The gosrt library is using io_uring, and so I want this new client-udp to have both syscall and io_uring capabilties also.  Please review how the gosrt library is using a very efficient method to batch submit the read requests to the io_uring, so we dramatically decrease the number of syscalls.  We need to do the same efficient method, copyign as much of that code as possible, so that the functions, variables, and so on are all very similar. - Please create a detailed design for this new client, highlighting how it will be different from ./contrib/client/main.go and ./contrib/client-generator/main.go, and showing how the io_uring will be very similar to the gosrt library.  Please be sure to include .go filenames, function names, and line numbers.  I'd like to see a direct comparision from the existing gosrt code, to the new client-udp code we are designing.  In the design, please include ascii diagrams, to compare the existing code to the newly designed code. Please note that client-udp should support using multiple io_uring rings, as we implemented via the design multi_iouring_design.md.  For other io_uring references please read IO_Uring.md, and we need to ensure graceful shutdown is supported in client-udp as described in context_and_cancellation_design.md.  client-udp should follow the same pattern as the other clients, with respect to using ./contrib/common/flags.go, and "make test-flags" should verify the flags are correct.  We will need some extra flags to tell it to open a udp port on what port, and the io_uring configuration for the udp socket, so please follow a similar naming and configuration method.
